Ever since the film’s much-anticipated release, fans have been going gaga about the scale of the S.S. Rajamouli epic and the performances from the lead actors. Recently, the film’s director bid adieu to the film franchise by posting a tweet on his Twitter profile. This time around, the film’s protagonist Prabhas posted a heartfelt message for all his fans on his Facebook page. The actor wrote, “To All My Fans , a big hug to each one of you for all the love that you'll have showered on me. I have tried my best to go through a lot of the efforts that you all have put to express your affection for me from different parts of India and even overseas. I am truly overwhelmed with everything. The journey of Baahubali has been a long one but among the few things that I will take away from this, is all of you. Lots of love back to you all. A big thank you to SS Rajamouli sir for believing in me to carry his huge vision to the masses, giving me a once-in-a-lifetime character of Baahubali and making the entire journey so special.”Thanks to the ‘Baahubali’ franchise, Prabhas has now gained pan-India fame. He is not only loved and admired by his fans, but even director SS Rajamouli often gets emotional while talking about the actor and this could very well be the reason.Prabhas impressed one and all with his superior performance and ripped physique in SS Rajamouli's Baahubali' franchise. The actor, who is still one of the most eligible bachelors in tinsel town, seems to have charmed the ladies and left them smitten with his ruggedly good looks. It has come to light that during the course of shooting for both ‘Baahubali: The Beginning’ and 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion', Prabhas received a whopping 6000 marriage proposals. What’s even more shocking is that the Tollywood hunk turned each and every one of them down due to his work commitments. While this shows how popular the actor is among the ladies, it also shows how professional Prabhas actually is.Neither Thalaivaa Rajinikanth, nor super talented Kamal Haasan, it is ‘Baahubali’ Prabhas who has made his way to the Madame Tussauds, Bangkok. The 37-year-old has become the first South Indian actor to have his own wax statue at the renowned museum.Apart from the roaring success of ' Bahubali 2: The Conclusion', it seems Prabhas now has yet another reason to celebrate! On a related note, the S.S. Rajamouli-magnum opus has garnered a whopping Rs. 383 crores in just four days. Filmmaker Karan Johar, who has presented the Hindi version of the franchise, made the announcement on Twitter, "383 crores!!!! All languages in 4 days!!!!! #Baahubali2TheConclusion ....Indian Cinema's crowning glory!!!!!!"The Hindi version of SS Rajamouli’s magnum opus ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ has received an amazing response all across the country. Many are fawning over Prabhas’s brilliant screen presence in the movie and here is one Bollywood actor who contributed to that as he voiced the character played by Prabhas in the film. It was none other than Sharad Kelkar.The dapper actor, who is known for his work in Hindi, Marathi films and television was behind the deep voice of Amarendra Baahubali in the Hindi version. Moreover, Sharad has also dubbed for several Hollywood flicks in Hindi as well. He voiced Vin Diesel’s character in ‘xXx: The Return of Xander Cage’. He has also lent his voice for dubbing in films like ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’, ‘X-Men: Apocalypse’ and ‘Dawn of the Planet of the Apes’. From the way the Prabhas starrer is being received by the Hindi speaking audience, it looks like he has done a really good job.The magnum opus ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ released only a few days back and has already shattered a number of box-office records. While fans are going gaga over the epic, and the film's stars are revelling in the limelight, one actor stepped up to give due credit to the leading man of the franchise - Prabhas.Rana Daggubati, who played the antagonist - Bhallaladeva - in the SS Rajamouli directorial, took to Instagram to praise his co-star. Posting a picture of Prabhas, Rana wrote a long caption that read, "A big shoutout this fine gentleman my co-star, friend and Baahubali himself. He was the one who stood by this film rock solid for over 5 years at the peak of his career unquestioned and with a smile....today he stands as the biggest pan-Indian superstar and deserves every bit of it. Proud and happy to be a part of his journey!! Saahore Baahubali!!"It is indeed heartwarming to see such a strong bond of friendship between the two stars off-screen. Rana has joined a long list of celebs who have praised Prabhas for his herculean efforts. Meanwhile, Rana himself made the headlines recently when he revealed that he was blind in his right eye and could see only from his left.‘Baahubali 2’ mania has gripped the nation, and among the millions raving about the film is the Superstar himself – Rajinikanth. The south film industry's living legend joined the chorus of fans singing praises of the film when he took to his social networking handle on Sunday night and termed the film as “Indian cinema’s pride”, and saluted director Rajamouli and his team.Lauding the masterpiece, Rajinikanth tweeted, "'Baahubali 2' Indian cinema's pride. My salutes to god's own child Rajamouli and his team."Humbled by Rajinikanth's kind words, director Rajamouli replied saying, " THALAIVAAAA... Feeling like god himself blessed us... our team is on cloud9... Anything couldn't be bigger..."While the first part, ‘Baahubali: The Beginning’, released in July 2015 and reportedly minted over Rs 500 crore at the box-office, ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’, which released on April 28 in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam, collected an estimated Rs 122 crore on day 1 across the nation. The second part in the "Baahubali" franchise is said to have registered the biggest opening for an Indian film.Directed by SS Rajamouli, ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ stars Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah Bhatia, Sathyaraj and Ramya Krishnan.Meanwhile, actor Rajinikanth is looking forward to the release of his next sic-fi drama ‘2.0’ co-starring Akshay Kumar.If you have watched ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' then Ramya Krishnan aka Sivagami Devi’s majestic presence in the film certainly remains in your memory. The actress with her intense performance has made a special place for herself in the heart of millions.Overwhelmed by the praises, Ramya took to Twitter to thank her fans. She tweeted, “I thank each and everyone who have taken the effort to call me, message me and wish me through my FB page and twitter a BIG THANK YOU....” She added, “Love you all...without your love, affection and support I wouldn't be where I am today, I am so overwhelmed....Jai Mahishmathi..”‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ has finally released and is taking the nation by storm. The director of the movie SS Rajamouli is earning a lot of praise and accolades for his efforts. However, not many know that a number of members from Rajamouli's extended family were involved with this project, thus truly making it a family affair. Starting off with the script, it was penned by the ace director’s father Vijayendra Prasad. Rajamouli’s wife Rama shouldered the responsibility of designing costumes for the film while son SS Karthikeya stepped in as a Second Unit Director and daughter Mayuka featured in the film's song ‘Saahore Baahubali’.That's not all, Music Composer MM Keeravani, also happens to be Rajamouli’s cousin and the lyricists are his uncles K Shiva Shakti Datta and K Ramakrishna. Kalyani Malik, the Sound Recording Artist is also a cousin to the filmmaker. Malik’s son Mayur too lent his voice in some parts of the movie. Keeravani’s wife Sree Valli, on the other hand, became the Line Producer and his sons Kaala Bhairava and Sri Simha took on the duties of Singer and Assistant Music Director respectively. The composer’s daughter was also part of the ‘Saahore Baahubali’ song along with Rajamouli’s daughter.Finally, the VFX Assistant for the ambitious project, Rajabali is also a cousin of the ace director. Thus with as many as fifteen relatives involved in the magnum opus, Rajamouli and his extended family have given us the masterpiece 'Baahubali 2'.S.S. Rajamouli’s magnum opus ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ is undoubtedly one of the most awaited films of this year. The makers had initially planned to have a grand premiere of the much-awaited film on Thursday evening in Mumbai. However, following the demise of veteran actor Vinod Khanna, they cancelled the premiere as a mark of respect to the actor.The makers had set up a magnificent set at the premiere venue that included a grand entrance resembling that of a palace, life-size figurines of elephants and a red carpet. Pictures of the set started doing the rounds online. The massive set was dismantled after the decision of cancelling the premiere was announced. ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ is presented by Karan Johar and features Prabhas, Anushka Shetty, Rana Daggubati and Tamannaah in the lead. The film hits theatres today.As SS Rajamouli’s ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ is about to release, the makers are making sure to amp up the excitement for the film. The ‘Baahubali’ team has released another new poster for the film and this time, the stakes are high. The poster shows an enraged Prabhas as Mahendra Baahubali aka Shivudu with eyes raging with fury. He looks really intimidating and ready to go to battle against Bhallaladeva. There in the background are a number of warriors on horseback with swords drawn and ready for the bloodshed. Overall, the new poster is intense and it looks like the magnum opus will be high on emotion and action. ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ will continue from where the first part left off and it will finally answer the most famous question, "Why Kattappa killed Baahubali?"With only 24 hours left for the release of the most anticipated film of the year, ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’, the makers took to social media once again to release another poster that would tease its fans. And this time around, the new poster highlights the most crucial point of the story. The poster depicts the scene from ‘Baahubali: The Beginning’ where Kattappa can be seen killing the mighty and powerful Amarendra Baahubali, ruler of the Mahishmati kingdom. Ever since ‘Baahubali: The Beginning’ hit the theatres, the only question that puzzled fans across the country was: Why did Kattappa kill Baahubali? Now, the big mystery will be revealed in the sequel directed by S.S. Rajamouli. ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ is expected to answer a lot of questions that have left fans playing the guessing game for almost two years since the release of the first part. In the weeks leading up to the film’s release on April 28, fans have been kept updated about each and every character with several character posters being released.'Baahubali 2' the film is up for public viewing on April 28, but those invited for the grand premier launch will be privy to why Katappa killed Baahubali a day earlier. We have got a chance to get a glimpse of the invites for the grand premier of the film. As reported by Mumbai Mirror, the invitations sent out by Dharma Productions head honcho Karan Johar are really alluring. Just as the storyline, the invite that came as a hard bound case had layers as well. While it has a golden matinee-like ticket that read 'World Premier' above the film's title. The box also has a placard depicting a coloured sketch of the franchise's iconic scene, which shows Shivagami Devi holding up young Baahubali as she is immersed in the water to protect him from drowning. Well it definitely promises to be a one of a kind experience for those lucky enough to get the invites!S.S.Rajamouli’s magnum opus, ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’, is all set to hit the big screen on April 28 and we are sure fans can’t wait to see the film. As the countdown to the big day begins, the makers have released another character poster from the film – this time, it’s Anushka Shetty in her Devasena avatar.In the poster, Anushka, who essays Devasena in the film, can be seen sitting on a throne, looking regal in a royal blue saree and heavy jewellery. In ‘Baahubali: The Beginning’, Anushka played a tortured, harassed woman who was held prisoner by Bhallala Deva (played by Rana Daggubati), the cruel, ruthless king of Mahishmati. What kept her going was the belief that one day her son – Shivadu will come to rescue her. Now, in the sequel, the audience will go back in time and witness the journey of the young Devasena.With only a few days remaining before the release of ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’, the movie is all anyone can talk about. However, the S.S. Rajamouli epic has always been able to stay in the news as some new and exciting updates always kept the fans on their toes. So here is a recap of the times when the Prabhas and Rana Daggubati starrer made news big time. by Shivkumar.HBollywood’s filmmaker and producer Karan Johar has been long associated with the ‘Baahubali’ franchise and has been the major reason that the fantasy epic received national attention. His contribution did not go unnoticed by S.S. Rajamouli and team. During the trailer launch event of ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’, they gifted Karan the sword of Baahubali as a token of appreciation. The makers claimed it was this very sword which Katappa used to kill Amarendra Baahubali, thus adding more mystery to the very famous question, ”Why did Kattappa kill Baahubali?”No big film’s journey is complete without a little controversy. ‘Baahubali 2’ too had its fair share of controversies, the most prominent one being the movie facing massive protests in Karnataka. Apparently, actor Sathyaraj who plays Kattappa in the film spoke ill of the people of Karnataka during a speech on the Cauvery issue. This led to angered protests against the release of the film across the state. Finally, after humble requests from S.S. Rajamouli and an apology from Sathyaraj himself, the protests were called off in time for the film to release without any hassles.As if the grandeur and compelling plot is not enough, ‘Baahubali’ also became a pioneer in technology. It is about to become the first Indian film to be released in 4K HD format. To ensure that it is executed, more than 200 theatres around the country have switched over to special 4K projectors. With the advent of this technology, ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ promises to redefine the viewing experience for Indian cinema audiences.An action sequence between Prabhas and Anushka Shetty was leaked online in March. The five-minute clip had semi rendered CGI shots. Moreover, rumours were rife that right after this scene the secret of why Kattappa killed Baahubali will be revealed in the film. After looking at the footage, the producers discerned that the footage could have been leaked only by Annapurna Studios, one of the many studios involved in production work. Later, the culprit turned out to be a junior graphic designer who was consequently arrested and tried in court.Days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s landmark decision to demonetize Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes, the producers of ‘Baahubali’ apparently found themselves in a fix. Up to 25 IT officials raided the producer’s offices in Hyderabad as they suspected them to have black money worth Rs 60 crores in demonetized notes. However, the ‘Baahubali’ team kept hush about the matter and nothing truly ever came to light that either confirmed or denied IT department’s suspicion.Prabhas has become one of the biggest stars in the country after the first part of the S.S. Rajamouli epic. He is also one of the most eligible bachelors in Tollywood at the moment. So obviously, talks of his marriage keep surfacing online. Apparently, the actor’s uncle had declared that the actor will tie the knot only once he finishes ‘Baahubali 2’. Now that the shooting is done with and the film is set to release, everyone is intrigued to see if Prabhas will finally end his singlehood. If rumours are to be believed, then the bride is from an influential family in Vishakapatnam and does not belong to the film fraternity in anyway. Only time will tell if there is any truth to these rumours.‘Baahubali’ has perhaps had some of the most innovative and aggressive promotional campaign in Indian cinema. One of the parts of that campaign was the installation of virtual reality booths in many theatres all across the country to give a more comprehensive experience of the world of ‘Baahubali’. Director S.S. Rajamouli announced the news when he unveiled the first look of the movie back in October. Many VR booths have since been installed with more on the way.The Prabhas starrer also made headlines in July last year when it was released in China in a whopping 6000 screens, the highest for any Indian film beating Aamir Khan’s ‘PK’ in terms of screen count. Not just in China, the first film has been subsequently released in several countries across the globe. However, with the film not doing so well on the Chinese market, it remains to be seen if ‘Baahubali 2: The Conclusion’ will fare any better in China.